README.md, before:

# Password-Lock
## Author
Clara Metto
## Description
This is a python application that will help us manage our passwords and even generate new passwords for us. The users can create account with their details, a login username and password.
### Prerequisites
You need to have git installed
You can install it with the following command in your terminal
`$ sudo apt install git-all`
### Setup
To access this project on your local files, you can clone it using these steps
1. Open your terminal
1. Use this command to clone $ git clone https://github.com/clarametto/Password-Locker.git
1. This will clone the repositoty into your local folder. Then cd Password-Locker
1. Run the command python3 run.py in the terminal
1. List of command options given, chose what to do...
   - signup: command to create new account choosing your own password
   - signup-autopass: command to create account with auto generated password
   - exit: command to quit the program
1. Create user account,proceed to login and list of other command is given. Chose what to do...
   - display-user: command to display user details
   - search-user: command to search for user
   - copy-email: command to copy email address
   - delete-user: command to delete user
   - display-credential: command to display credentials
   - search_credential: command to search credentials
   - copy-pass: command to copy password
   - delete-credential: command to delete credentials
## Technologies Used
- Python
### License
This project is under:  
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

updated readme.md contact info

README.md, after:

# Password-Lock
## Author
Clara Metto
## Description
This is a python application that will help us manage our passwords and even generate new passwords for us. The users can create account with their details, a login username and password.
### Prerequisites
You need to have git installed
You can install it with the following command in your terminal
`$ sudo apt install git-all`
### Setup
To access this project on your local files, you can clone it using these steps
1. Open your terminal
1. Use this command to clone `$ git clone https://github.com/clarametto/Password-Locker.git`
1. This will clone the repositoty into your local folder. Then cd Password-Locker
1. Run the command `python3 account_test.py` in the terminal to test user account code.
1. Run the command `python3 account_credential_test.py` in the terminal to test account credentials code.

1. Run the command `python3 run.py` in the terminal to launch the program
1. List of command options given, chose what to do...
   - `signup`: command to create new account choosing your own password
   - `signup-autopass`: command to create account with auto generated password
   - `exit`: command to quit the program
1. Create user account,proceed to login with the command `login`. The following list of commands is given. Chose command to execute
   - `display-user`: command to display user details
   - `search-user`: command to search for user
   - `copy-email`: command to copy email address
   - `delete-user`: command to delete user
   - `display-credential`: command to display credentials
   - `search_credential`: command to search credentials
   - `copy-pass`: command to copy password
   - `delete-credential`: command to delete credentials
## Technologies Used
- Python
### Contact
Phone No: **[+254 712 258 880]**  
Email: **[clara.metto@student.moringaschool.com](mailto:clara.metto@student.moringaschool.com)**
### License
This project is under:  
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](/LICENSE)
